docs: matplotlib cookbook annotations (#145)
best-practice-and-impact/afcharts-py: src/afcharts/cookbook/01-matplotlib-usage.qmd

This bar chart uses the afcharts theme, and shows the populations of five countries of the Americas in descending order. The country names are given on the x axis, with all chart text in black in a sans serif font. Four of the bars on the chart are light grey, and the bar for Brazil is filled in dark blue to highlight it.
</div>

## Annotations

> Annotations can be used to add value labels to a bar chart. Use the `bar_label()` method to add labels to bars in a bar chart. In the example below, the population values are added as white text labels inside the bars.

Reviewer: Suggested text with link to line chart example. Feel free to edit.

```suggestion
Labelling your chart is often preferable to using a legend, as often this relies on a user matching the legend to the data using colour alone.

You can add an annotation anywhere on a chart using the `annotate()` method. This is demonstrated above in [Line chart with duo palette](#line-chart-with-duo-palette), which directly labels each line. Note that black text has been used for the labels, as this ensures sufficient contrast against the white background.

To add value labels to bars in a bar chart, use the `bar_label()` method. In the example below, the population values are added as white text labels inside the bars.
```
